1.Hosting your web application using Azure App Service makes deploying and 
  managing a web app much easier when compared to managing a physical server

What is Azure App Service?
	1.Azure App Service is a fully managed web application hosting platform
	2.This platform as a service (PaaS) offered by Azure allows 
	  you to focus on designing and building your app while Azure 
	  takes care of the infrastructure to run and scale your applications.
Deployment slots
	1.Using the Azure portal, you can easily add deployment slots to an App Service web app.
	2.ex:staging,production,dev,testing
Continuous integration/deployment support
	1.continuous integration and deployment with Azure DevOps, GitHub, Bitbucket, 
	  FTP, or a local Git repository on your development machine
	2.Connect your web app with any of the above sources and App Service
	  will do the rest for you by automatically syncing your code and any
	  future changes on the code into the web app.
Integrated Visual Studio publishing and FTP publishing
Built-in auto scale support (automatic scale-out based on real-world load)
Creating a web app
App Service plans
	1.A single App Service plan can host an unlimited number of App Service web apps.
App Service overview
	1.Azure App Service is an HTTP-based service for hosting web applications, 
	  REST APIs, and mobile back ends.
	2.Applications run and scale with ease on both Windows and Linux-based environments.
	3.it provides security,load balancing,autoscaling,and automated management.
Why use App Services?
	1.Multiple languages and frameworks
	2.DevOps Optimization
	3.Global scale with high availability
		a.scale up ,scale out manually or automatically
	4.Connections to SaaS platforms and on-premises data
	5.Security and compliance
	6.Application templates
	7.Visual Studio integration
	8.API and mobile featrues
	9.Serverless code
Introduction to Azure App Service on Linux
	Languages
		Node.js,Java,PHP,Python,.NET Core
	Deployments
		FTP,Local Git,GitHub,Bitbucket
	DevOps
		1.Staging enviornments
		2.Azure container registry and DockerHub CI/CD
	Limitations
		1.App Service on Linux is only supported with Free, Basic, Standard, 
	   	  and Premium app service plans and does not have a Shared tier. 
		2.You cannot create a Linux Web App in an App Service plan already hosting non-Linux Web Apps.
		3.Based on a current for the same resource group you cannot mix Windows and 
		  Linux apps in the same region.
Create an ASP.NET Core app in App Service on Linux
	create the app locally
		1.mkdir hellodotnetcore
		2.cd hellodotnetcore
		3.dotnet new web
		4.dotnet run
		5.git init
		6.git add .
		7.git commit -m "first commit"
	Use Azure cloud shell
	Configure a deployment user
		az webapp deployment user set --user-name <username> --pasword <password>
	Create a resource group
		1.az group create --name myResourceGroup --location "West Europe"
	Create an Azure App Service plan
		az appservice plan create --name myAppservicePlan --resource-group myResourceGroup --sku B1 --is-linux
	Create a web app
		az webapp create --resource-group myResourceGroup --plan myAppServicePlan 
		  --name <app-name> --runtime "DOTNETCORE|2.2" --deployment-local-git
	clean up resources
		az group delete --name myResourceGroup
Azure App Service plan overview
	1.One or more apps can be configured to run on the same 
	  computing resources (or in the same App Service plan).
	Each App service plan defines
		a.Region (West US,East US,etc)
		b.Number of VM instances
		c.Size of VM instances (Small, Medium, Large)
		d.Pricing tier (Free, Shared, Basic, Standard, Premium, PremiumV2, Isolated)
	Shared compute
		1.Free and Shared, the two base tiers, runs an app on the same 
	 	  Azure VM as other App Service apps, including apps of other customers
		2.These tiers allocate CPU quotas to each app that runs on the shared resources, 
		   and the resources cannot scale out.
		3.These tiers are intended to be used only for development and testing purposes.
	Dedicated compute
		1.The Basic, Standard, Premium, and PremiumV2 tiers run apps on dedicated Azure VMs.
		2.Only apps in the same App Service plan share the same compute resources.
		3.The higher the tier, the more VM instances are available to you for scale-out.
	Isolated
		1.This tier runs dedicated Azure VMs on dedicated Azure Virtual Networks
		2.It provides network isolation on top of compute isolation to your apps
		3.It provides the maximum scale-out capabilities.
	Each tier also provides a specific subset of App Service features.
		a.custom domains
		b.SSL certificates
		c.autoscaling
		d.deployment slots
		e.backups
		f.Traffic Manager integration
How does my app run and scale?
How much does my App Service plan cost?
	1.the App Service plan has an hourly charge.
	2.If you integrate App Service with another Azure service, 
	  you may need to consider charges from these other services. 		
	3.For example, if you use Azure Traffic Manager to scale your app 
	  geographically, Azure Traffic Manager also charges you based on your usage
What if my app needs more capabilities or features?
Should I put an app in a new plan or an existing plan?
	1.You can continue to add apps to an existing plan as long as the plan
	   has enough resources to handle the load.	
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-hosting-plans?toc=%2fazure%2fapp-service%2fcontainers%2ftoc.json
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/environment/intro
		
		
	