1.Azure Resource Manager is the deployment and management service for Azure
Consistent management layer
	1.When a user sends a request from any of the Azure tools, APIs, or SDKs, 
	  Resource Manager receives the request.
	2.Resource Manager sends the request to the Azure service, which takes the requested action.
resource
	1.a manageable item that is available through azure.
	2.Ex:Virtual machine,storage
resource group
	1.A container that holds related resources for an Azure solution.
resource provider
	1.A service that supplies Azure resources
	2.For example, a common resource provider is Microsoft.Compute
resource manager template
	1.A JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) file that defines one or 
	  more resources to deploy to a resource group or subscription
Understand scope
	1.Management groups
	2.Subscriptions
	3.Resource groups
	4.Resources
Resource group important points
	1.Each resource can only exist in one resource group.
	2.You can add or remove a resource to a resource group at any time.
	3.You can move a resource from one resource group to another group
Why does a resource group need a location
	1.The resource group stores metadata about the resources. 
	2.When you specify a location for the resource group,
	  you're specifying where that metadata is stored.
	3.For compliance reasons, you may need to ensure that 
	  your data is stored in a particular region.
Azure Resource Manager templates
Why choose Resource Manager templates?
	1.Declarative syntax
	2.Repeatable results
	3.Orchestration
Template file 
	Parameters
		1.Provide values during deployment that allow the same template 
		  to be used with different environments.
	Variables
		1.Define values that are reused in your templates
		2.They can be constructed from parameter values
	User-defined functions
		1.Create customized functions that simplify your template
	Resources
		1.Specify the resources to deploy
	Outputs
		1.Return values from the deployed resources	
Template deployment process
for custom template we can download through the following url
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/templates/
				


